update README, only run syntax tests when needed (#2686)
sublimehq/Packages: README.md

[![SublimeHQ Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/280102180189634562?label=SublimeHQ%20Discord&logo=discord&style=flat-square)](https://forum.sublimetext.com/t/resources-and-bug-tracking/22985)

# Sublime Packages

> > **These packages are developed against the latest dev build of Sublime Text, currently build 4094. These syntaxes may be incompatible, sometimes in very subtle ways, with older builds.**

Reviewer: This is now out of date. Do you want to mention a specific version or say "4xxx series" ?

Author: I simply made all changes Will suggested. I assume the `Build 4094` requirement still stands, though.

Reviewer: Fair enough. I was going off the line in the 4095 changelog that says

> - Resolve some bugs with syntax definitions that use branching

> [![SublimeHQ Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/280102180189634562?label=SublimeHQ%20Discord&logo=discord&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/D43Pecu)

Reviewer 2: I'd rather link to the forum Resources post than directly to our Discord server.

# Sublime Packages

> > **These packages are developed against the latest [Sublime Text Dev Build](http://sublimetext.com/).**

Reviewer 2: This should say:

```suggestion
> **These packages are developed against the latest dev build of Sublime Text, currently build 4094. These syntaxes may be incompatible, sometimes in very subtle ways, with older builds.**
```

We'll leave the link out for now since we don't want to publicly link to downloads.

> > **Bugs may exist on older builds, and the format used is not compatible with builds older than 4075.**

Reviewer 3: FWIW, some syntaxes (Java Rewrite) may even fail on builds before 4094 or even cause older versions to crash or freeze.

Author: @deathaxe The changelog doesn't mention any syntax related changes for ST4094. Are you sure about this?

Author: Since #2655 bumped the test binary from 4090 to 4094 and fixed tests failing in #2654, it must be one of those builds.

## Installation

If you want to make changes to these packages and test them locally, fork this repository and then symlink the changed packages into your *`Packages`* folder.

*Replace `Python` in the following commands with the name of the syntax to install.*

### Sublime Text 3 Users

Please use the `st3` branch:

<https://github.com/sublimehq/Packages/tree/st3>

and change the paths below accordingly as described in the README there:

<https://github.com/sublimehq/Packages/tree/st3#readme>

### OS X

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/sublimehq/Packages.git

> $ ln -s `pwd`/Packages/Python ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text/Packages/

Reviewer 2: The directions for all three platforms here will be wrong if they upgraded from an ST3 install, since it will keep using their ST3 data dir. It really will need them to look for their data dir. Probably the easiest way is to have them use *Preferences > Browse Packages…*.

```powershell
# Using PowerShell
PS> git clone https://github.com/sublimehq/Packages.git
PS> cmd /c mklink /J "$env:APPDATA/Sublime Text/Packages/Python" (convert-path ./Packages/Python)
```

> Alternatively, download the portable version, and clone this repository directly as a subdirectory of the *`Data`* folder.

Reviewer 2: If we tell them to use *Preferences > Browse Packages…* then we can remove this paragraph since it will work for portable also.
